---
layout: post
title: Planning this thing 
date: 2024/08/01
modified: 2024/08/01
category: Geneva
published: true
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczORddtmLxRzJTcKjCdFJHaeLrgB50qNFnQWcFlD-z3ZGtKUyRT499Yx5rrWzH1L6ZqnI8K10muorz3R5a2goapgn2c2yF71L6IaeXPxbspzZjCa-XFf=s0-no
original_image: https://photos.app.goo.gl/pMQSzE2mQu9LQdY29
---

This year we are planning our trip like the first trip we took. We have set up in advance Airbnb accommodations for every night. The advantage of doing this is we eliminate the uncertainty of finding a place to stay. It also is a bit of work to find an Airbnb along our path that can accommodate our bike. Each day's ride is a function of where we are going to stay that night. Last year we found ourselves having to plan about one day in advance. Getting Airbnbs on a 24 hour notice is sometimes hard. It’s reasonable when hosts do not want to have last minute guests. And often the best Airbnb get reserved early. And a final advantage is that we will not have to carry a tent, sleeping bags, sleeping pads, and other camping gear. Space is really tight on these trips!

The disadvantage of preplanning is our schedule is set in stone and cannot flex with weather, how we feel, and other factors that could impact our ride itinerary. If we find a town that we love and want to stay an extra day, that will not be an option because we will have a reservation that night in a town 50 miles away.

I spent about a month finding properly spaced Airbnbs. I would estimate how far we could ride in a day and then look in that area for possible accommodations. Depending on where I found some, I would repeat the process for the next day, and then the next, and then the next… Sometimes I would find I had to go back and either increase or decrease the mileage on the previous day so that we could have a reasonable distance to the next accommodation. There seem to be far more options in France and they seem to be far more affordable.

It will be interesting to see how we like this new approach.


